hi welcome to the eiephant ABBA I am
SEMA today we are going to be doing
simple bhuna gosht
so to know the recipe keep watching
today we are going to be making mutton
which is 1 kg that should be sufficient
for about 5 people very comfortably so
the ingredients for making the UNA gosh
are 1 kg of mutton
we have diced onions chopped finely that
is also about 1 kgs we have mustard oil
which is about three and a half to four
tablespoons we have two teaspoons of
chili powder 1 teaspoon garam masala
salt to taste 2 teaspoons of dhaniya
powder 2 teaspoons of jeera powder here
we have tomato chavin pureed they about
5 to 6 tomatoes so basically you need
about 1/2 kg of tomatoes we have over
200 grams of fresh yogurt
we have coriander leaves about 4 heaped
tablespoons of garlic ginger paste and
then we have a garam masalas which go
into the oil directly that is we have a
green cardamom cloves cinnamon black
cardamom and bay leaves so let's get
cooking the boon Akash here I like my
gas
and in goes the mustard oil
the mustard oil is very strong so many
people don't like the smell of mustard
oil that is why we had to have to bring
this to a nice boiling point once it's
boiled why well we shut the gas and
leave it to cool a little bit and then
start cooking so now you can see that
the oil has boiled to a nice boiling
point so now I am going to shut the gas
for a minute or so and then I will start
cooking so now we add in the garam
masala and goes the cinnamon the release
the black cardamom the flows the green
Cottenham excursion bread now I realize
the gas now I add in the onions
now I will Brown is onions to a nice
golden brown color and to speed up the
procedure I will just add in a little of
salt so now since the onions have turned
to a nice color golden color you can see
it I will just add in the mutton so here
go in the mutton pieces
Martin is cured nicely
now you can see that the mutton has
changed its color it is it is well here
and also all the masala has been evenly
distributed now I'm going to go on you
knowing this mutton for a good five
seven minutes on high flame on you but
you have to be constantly stirring it
after the mutton beans here properly and
nicely now we will add in the garlic
ginger paste
now I'm going to cook it again on high
flame only in the open till the garlic
interface gets cooked nicely the garlic
ginger paste has cooked keep stirring
constantly
and now I will add in the tomato puree
yeah so now after adding the tomatoes we
mix it well again and now we leave the
masala to cook with along with the
mutton and we leave it on slowly so that
it can cook gradually Reggie
so this will cook for about 15 to 20
minutes probably 20 and there's no water
added to this it's only with the tomato
puree so this is how our mutton looks
it's quite blendy and nice and now I
will add the masalas so here goes in the
red chili powder
I had cheater powder I had the dunyah
powder a little more of salt mix it
nicely and then I add in the dye I had
in the coriander leaves as well so now
after adding the masalas and the yogurt
and the coriander leaves I've stirred it
and mixed it very well and now I will
cover it again once again and leave it
again for 20-25 minutes till the meat
gets done tender now this whole
procedure you can do it in even in a
pressure cooker that will go faster but
I prefer it this way because the flavors
are very nice and the masala also turns
out very well and it's cooked on a slow
flame
so now I shut up now we leave it for
another 25 to 40 minutes 40 minutes are
done so I'm just going to have a check
at the margin so you can see the color
of the mutton the Masada's really good
now I add in the garam masala and the
coriander this is a nice thick masala in
case you won't want to make it a little
loose you can add a little water but not
really necessary
so here Abdul Nakash is ready so here we
have the buna go switch is ready now you
can have this with roti naan whatever
you like if you like this recipe
subscribe to India Food Network any
queries comments writen thank you